Okay.
And we're live.
Welcome back to another
episode of Adventures in DevOps.
I'm Warren Perod,
one of your fellow co-hosts.
And today in the studio,
we're joined by Jillian yet again.
Hello, Jillian.
Hello.
And you can see that Will is absent today.
I think he had some critical
problem yet again with his
infrastructure that he's managing.
But I'm looking forward to today's episode,
because we have with us as our guest,
Hikari Senju from Omnikey.
HIKARI SENJU HIKARI SENJU Hello.
Hey.
So maybe you could just give
us a brief introduction
about your company,
what it's sort of doing,
and anything else
particularly interesting.
Sure.
So my name is Hikaru Senju.
I'm the founder and CEO of OmniKey.
OmniKey uses data to
generate more personalized
ads and help businesses
scale their advertising assets.
So customers,
oftentimes they're running
ads on different
advertising channels and
they're looking to drive
efficiencies in their advertising.
And what we do is we'll
train a model of the
customer's brand information,
we'll train on the
customer's performance data,
and then help them scale
their creative assets for a
variety of different
dimensions and SKUs to help
them ultimately find ten X
higher productivity in
terms of their time,
in terms of their cost and savings,
and then ultimately in
terms of the results.
Okay.
That's a lot of things.
Yeah.
Yeah,
we call ourselves the GenAI command
center for brands that are
looking to scale their
digital advertising.
So whether it's analytics or ideation,
we really try to be that place,
that control hub for
customers to manage their
online advertising presence.
What were they doing before
AI stepped into this space?
Well, gosh,
AI has been in advertising for
a long time.
The personalized content
that you see recommended,
like deep learning before it
was used for generating
images and copy and content
that you're seeing today
was used for targeting personalized ads.
And so what we're doing is
we're just taking the next step,
which is instead of just
personalizing the content
delivered to you,
also personalizing the content itself.
So before it was mostly
about when I see an ad on
say Facebook or LinkedIn or
on the top slot on Google,
that content may have been
using AI to generate the
actual words or pictures that I see,
but you're utilizing it in
a more novel way within the
product itself.
So before it used to be, um,
so there's the metric here
is that forty percent of
marketing projects are
wasted on ineffective content.
So oftentimes you're getting retargeted,
uh, with, you know, I'm sure we've,
you know,
the audience's experience where
they're seeing the same ad
over and over again, um, ad fatigue.
Um, uh, there's the, uh, lack of,
of like effective content being, uh,
being bought and kind of
distributed online.
Um, and what we too is, uh,
when the content you see
that actually actually made or that,
that video, um, that, that content itself,
uh,
is personalized based on your
interests and your needs.
So it's not that you're
seeing the same thing that, um, you know,
that's kind of broadcasted
everywhere else,
but you're seeing a
personalized piece of content.
Um,
that's personalized for just as much as
your newsfeed is
personalized for each day.
Well,
I definitely don't think my newsfeed
is personalized for me.
I mean there's a lot of
things that show up there
that I really just couldn't care about.
Yeah, I mean,
I think it's still a work in progress.
I mean,
the algorithms are getting better
every day.
And it depends also on the
platforms as well.
But yeah, I mean,
I think still there's the
personalization we see in social apps.
And then there's the lack of
personalization we're
seeing when it comes to the
content itself,
the advertising content that you see.
And so at the end of the day,
if advertising content is
more personalized and more effective,
at communicating what that
brand and that company is
trying to communicate,
if you can make that kind
of connection with that
consumer in a more productive way,
then that's better for the
consumer because I'm not
being targeted at random ads,
I'm not seeing random ads,
and then ultimately it's
better for the business as
well because as a consumer,
I'm seeing more relevant
content and communicating
in a way that I like.
And for that business,
it helps them with their sales.
So this is really
interesting because I think
in advertising,
it seems like there's so
many different angles that
the AI could use.
And I don't know a whole lot
about advertising,
but just kind of off the top of my head,
it seems like there's how
the ad itself is being delivered.
Is it on Google or Facebook or is it?
Predominantly social platforms.
yeah, which social platform it's on,
the audience it's being shown to,
you know, you have like age demographics.
I get a lot of teenage girl things,
which makes me wonder about
the algorithms a little bit,
but that's because I have a
teenage daughter.
And then there's also like
the ad copy itself.
So does your product help
with all of those things or
one of those things or like
what is going on there?
Yeah, it focuses on the visuals.
So the images and the video
content that you're seeing,
that's what we specialize in.
Okay, okay, that's interesting.
I didn't notice like a few years ago,
or I don't even know when,
but I noticed with Google,
it started to have,
Google Ads started to have
this new feature where
They were like,
we'll just train it and
figure out where it should be.
You just give us the ad copy,
and then we'll go send it out.
So it seems like you're on
the other side of that.
We're like, no,
we're going to generate the
actual ad for you,
and then somebody else can distribute it.
Yeah, I mean,
Google has been definitely
innovator in this space.
be like,
we're going to actually limit how
much control you have in
terms of content.
You just give us your assets,
and then we'll kind of mix
and match for you.
What we're trying to do is that,
but for social posts and
content you're seeing on YouTube,
and also to make sure that
the content is consistent
in an omnichannel way so
that when a consumer sees an ad on Google,
it is consistent with the
ad they're seeing on Reddit or LinkedIn.
Because, you know,
if Google is kind of
communicating your brand one way,
but rather it's
communicating brand a different way,
then it's not very,
it doesn't elevate the
brand experience and it
doesn't create brand consistency.
And so ultimately this is
really where managing your
brand online is so
important is that you don't, you know,
you don't delegate the
creation of your brand or
the imagery of your brand
to each platform,
but you really can
orchestrate that brand
messaging yourself in our control hub.
Interesting how so I think
one of the things that
advertisements have
struggled for the longest
time at least from my
perspective is Adequate
personalization more so
than just like hello,
you know templated name and
then generic repeatable
message in the body Or an
image that isn't very
personalized How how are you?
getting over that hump like
if the data wasn't ever
good in the first place
like you are you getting
better data now to be able
to generate personalized uh
content uh or is it that we
had the data all like the
whole time and we just
weren't using it
effectively does that make
sense yeah I mean there's
an element where these
platforms like they for
example they could
You could actually run ads
like this where it's, you know, hello,
Warren, buy X product.
But it would be too creepy
and it would actually
result in you leaving the platform.
And so they intentionally don't,
allow advertisers to do things like that.
And they'll ban advertisers
to do things like this.
Um, because the platforms themselves,
you know, they're trying to, um, you know,
maximize the engagement of
the platform and they're
not trying to creep out their users and,
you know,
make it seem like they know more
than they need to.
And so, um, um,
there's an element where I think,
you know,
like that creepiness factor, you know, uh,
pushes, is,
is it kind of a pushback
against like hyper, hyper,
hyper personalization?
Um, and then,
and then I think the other
thing here though,
is it's also just creative bandwidth.
Um, you know, if you are, uh, you know,
brand and you have you know
I mean this is you know
even even even like the the
biggest brands in the world
they may have thousands of
skews creating content for
thousands of skews across
you know in every single
platform requires a
different ad format so meta
instagram reddit linkedin
snap you know etc etc they
all require you know videos
or like horizontal or
vertical content in different dimensions.
And so it's just a lot of
work to create all that content.
And today,
a designer is hired to do those things.
So that's really where automation comes in,
is that an AI can
automatically create all
those variations for all
those SKUs for you.
So in our platform,
customers can just upload
all their product assets,
and it will create all the
variations for you.
A-B testing and inserting
different product skews and
also creating different
output variations and dimensions.
I see.
That makes a lot of sense.
So you're utilizing the
filters or tags or
attributes that your
customer already has and
how they're already
personalizing or segmenting
the market and using that
to feed into a model to
generate the images based off of
well maybe each of their
products whereas before if
I'm like the one of the
largest running shoe
manufacturers in the world
I may just have one ad with
just one shoe in it or
maybe I have a couple
different runners so I have
a couple of different shoes
but I can't have the same
video with literally every
single kind of shoe hyper
targeted to some set of the
market where would be more
interested in that
particular shoe whether it's hiking shoes
That's exactly right.
So this is really where
generated AI comes in so handy,
is because what we do is we
can train a model on each product,
on each shoe,
and then generate images and videos.
And I'm sure we're seeing
this all online now of
people wearing those shoes
and those variations.
And we can do it very cheaply.
sets,
generate those collateral assets with
cents instead of the
thousands or tens of
thousands of dollars
historically required to do
a photo shoot like that or
a video shoot like that.
And so we empower
personalization and we
increase personalization by
lowering the cost of
creating content and
lowering the cost of advertising.
So that big enterprise,
but also small businesses too.
By lowering the cost of
advertising and lowering
the cost of trade,
we also empower small
businesses to historically
wouldn't advertise or
wouldn't advertise a lot to
be able to do this.
And I think there's been
kind of a barrier to entry
in some ways for
advertising because how expensive it is.
But by lowering the cost of advertising,
you're empowering more
businesses to be able to advertise sooner,
connect with their customers sooner,
which is kind of our
mission to democratize growth.
One of the biggest costs I
was always under the
impression of was actually
getting the content out,
like not necessarily creating the content,
but once you have it,
actually paying to get it
in front of the right audience.
And you're not necessarily changing that.
You're just lowering the...
entry for the content generation side?
Or is there something you're
also doing for actually
getting those clicks at a
cheaper volume per price?
Yeah.
So that's where we're this
is really where agentic
agentic stuff we're
building really comes into play.
today and we offer this both
as a service and and kind
of and we're building this
out in terms of an agenting
platform but um uh you know
as a service I mean today
you have something you know
you have an advert you have
a person who goes and buys
the ad on meta google and
linkedin and adjust the
bids or adjust the
targeting audience kind of
do that manually by hand
Maybe this year you'll have an agent,
an AI agent do that for you
instead of a person.
So an AI agent will go and
measure the click through rates,
for example,
for every single platform or the ROI,
how much revenue is being
generated in terms of sales
from each advertising
platform and then adjust
the bids and adjust the audiences
autonomously, you know, twenty four seven.
And, you know, again,
at a fraction of the cost
of of a person doing and
working twenty four seven.
And so that is also an area
that we're innovating in.
OK, that's really cool.
You did talk about training a lot.
Maybe I want to get into
that a little bit.
I assume you're not building
up new foundational models
and maybe utilizing
something that that's
already out there and
either fine tuning it or building.
Are you building something from scratch?
Like, what does that look like?
Yeah, I mean,
we describe ourselves as kind
of a mixture of experts.
So we take the best models
in different domains and
utilize it to help our
customers deliver some kind
of a solution.
So for us, for image,
like hyper-realistic photo generation,
we do fine tune on a pre-existing model.
For us, we fine tune on images.
uh as of today you know this
may change you know as
these models advance but uh
today it's a it's like a
flux model by black forest
labs um and uh and that's
how we generate hyper
realistic imagery and then
we use different model turn
that into video uh we use
different model for you
know predominantly open ai
models for uh generating
copy and creative briefs and uh
and tagging the ads.
Well,
we have an AI go and tag every image
and video in terms of the
elements of that creative
in a more deeper way than
just computer vision.
So our first version of the
analytics where there's computer vision,
cat, dog, maybe cat drives more clicks.
Now you can have AI
explain the image in a much more nuanced,
deep way.
What is the persuasion tactic being used?
What is the use of language, et cetera?
And what kind of imagery is it in?
And then we can turn those
into creative features that
we can then find trends in
terms of what's driving
more engagement or driving
more clicks and communicate
that to our customers.
So we're using different
kinds of AI depending on
what part of the workflow
that's being automated.
Okay, that's really interesting.
I'm wondering, do you have some type of
I don't know,
the only word that I can think of it is,
you know,
like some kind of boutique experience.
So for example,
I was on Amazon buying
something and I noticed the
pictures there,
there was like two
different products that had
the exact same pictures.
And they looked like,
I don't know if it was like
stock photography,
or then they just switched out.
It was like leggings,
they switched out the pairs
of leggings or not.
But I was immediately like,
I don't know what this is.
I don't know if this is fake.
I don't know if this is a real product.
And I clicked right out.
So I'm wondering, like,
is there some type of
safeguard to make sure that
everybody who has a pair of
shoes is not getting the
exact same image or even
very close to the same image?
How do you even measure
something like that?
How does all of that work?
Sure.
So Amazon's interesting
because a lot of their ads
are just straight up
product photos from the catalog,
from the product catalog.
And so,
and oftentimes you're just being
targeted at those product
photos and using the same product,
but maybe it's like, you know, this is,
I don't know if there was
two different companies or
it was the same company,
maybe it's two different companies,
like reselling the same thing.
Yeah, I don't know.
That's why I clicked off of it.
I was like, I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to go buy
something that looks like a real product.
Right, right, right, right.
And maybe, who knows,
maybe they both got the
same image of the
manufacturer or something, right?
And they were advertising with you.
And just Amazon knew that
maybe you thought that you
were in the market for this
kind of product.
We do have controls.
And so we do have a human in
the loop to really make
sure that the content
that's being generated is IP protective,
so it's not infringing on
anyone's copyright.
that it is brand safe,
that it is aligned with brand guidelines.
We actually have a separate model.
When we train our language model,
we train it on the brand
guidelines of the customer.
So we're generating content
that aligns with the
restrictions of that brand
within their brand guidelines.
and then we also have a
human loop so both at the
kind of inception training
of the model we train on
the brand and then the very
kind of uh human review
step uh we have um uh you
know make sure that the
there's no ip being
violated or there's no
brand uh principle that's being violated
Yeah, because fundamentally,
it's still on your
customers to validate the
content that they're
putting out is in line with
what they actually want.
I mean, obviously,
you can assume that at a
giant amount of assets,
you no longer can have
someone individually
reviewing everything.
So you must have things in place
to help cut down on that I
think the custom trainings
custom models um you know
multi-step evaluations uh
two-shot uh you know helps
a lot but fundamentally the
customer is still
responsible for and
probably wants to validate
that what they're getting
out is actually uh accurate
yeah absolutely so there's
a we have a we actually
have an uh approval
dashboard where the
customers can write
feedback uh to the platform
in terms of this is not
right or this is right and um
So we built this whole
workflow for review as well,
because I think a large
part of AI going forward as
well in different parts of
the workflow is going to be
some level of human review.
I don't think anyone,
even as we give AI more control,
there's going to be
safeguards in place for human review.
Yeah, it's really about how do you,
you know,
like build a tool where it used
to be that a human is doing
all the work and now human
is largely just babysitting
an algorithm to do the work for you.
And what are the review
steps you put in so that a
human can do that
effectively and get consistent,
get good results.
I mean,
I think one of the challenges is
there previously,
it wasn't just that humans
were creating the original content.
And I think this happens a
lot in the software
development space where you
may be using an LLM to
generate lots of code to
put up a bunch of pull requests.
The amount of code is so high,
the number of images or
videos that you're
generating is such a large
amount that the flows you
were using to review that
initially may not be even viable anymore.
So like we fundamentally may
have to actually change how
we're evaluating and how
we're actually reviewing
the things that we're
generating using LLMs.
Yeah, absolutely.
And this is really where I
think automated tests come in handy.
I think this is really where, you know,
this is kind of
Not necessarily what we do
today in terms of our product,
but synthetic data,
creating data to make sure
that you test against all
the different edge cases is important.
And having the proper evals
in terms of evaluating the models,
so the model is being fine
tuned in the proper
direction for the proper outcomes.
Those are the things that
come in play when it comes to,
it's not just
human reviewing the massive output,
but kind of a systematic
approach to fine tuning and
improving the models.
Yeah,
I can see there being a lot of value
in that review platform.
I'm curious,
I think this question keeps
coming up in any number of
the communities that I'm in,
like what's the best LLM or
what's the best model out
there either to run with or
to potentially retrain
Do you see them as like also
interchangeable for the most part?
Like there's one that's better today,
but in three months or six
months from now,
it could be a totally different one.
And have you oriented your
tech or your business around that idea?
Or do you feel like you're
mostly bought into a single
one for today and it would
take a lot of work
potentially to change in the future?
Yeah, I mean,
I think the thesis of our company,
as soon as we found it, in fact,
you could kind of review,
see this TechCrunch Disrupt
interview I gave a couple of years ago,
before the whole Gen-AI.
We were actually the first
company to present as a
Gen-AI company at
TechCrunch Disrupt as a
finalist on their stage.
They had a similar question,
which is like,
Why are you focusing on the application?
What is the strategy for
focusing on the application
level at Layer?
You get your seeding
leveraged through these
foundation models and the
best models providing this base content.
And the answer you give then,
I think the answer you give
today hasn't changed,
which is this technology is
largely being commoditized.
And there's a pressure for
the commodities of this
technology because the
innovations are open sourced.
It was open sourced then and
it's open sourced even more today.
There's massive competitive
pressure by the big tech
companies to develop
innovations and make it
cheaper and better and
faster at an incredible
velocity because it helps
their cloud businesses largely.
And so in order for powering
the cloud businesses,
they need to keep innovating this space.
There's a financial pressure to do that.
And so for us,
we've always been kind of plug and play.
What's the best model at any given moment?
And we'll switch out models if
there's one model that
performs better in a certain domain.
And there's also that.
And then I think the other
element is just being
transparent with customers
as well in terms of what
models we're using.
Because certain models have safeguards.
Other models don't.
Certain models,
in terms of maybe their
data protection might be.
There are various.
Every model has its own
unique quirks and nuances and issues,
both legally in terms of
the output and the training.
And so we're very
transparent with customers
in terms of what they're
comfortable powering their
advertising content with.
Interesting.
So you said that the written
content is going into
OpenAI's chat GPT in some cases, right?
Yeah, I mean,
OpenAI has APIs for accessing
their foundation models and
just some of that.
But there is a toggle you
can use when using OpenAI
where you can ask to not
train on the data that
you're sending them.
Yeah,
but your customers don't necessarily
know that.
So how do you, is it transparent?
We do, we do.
So part of our terms is
we're transparent with the
customer in terms of which
models we're using.
And if we're sharing their
data with any third party.
And if a customer is not interested,
not open to sharing the data,
then we will change the models.
Or limit the functionality
of the product so that
they're completely transparent.
you know, place safe there.
And actually this was, you know,
just going over a legal
document yesterday on this
with one of our customers.
A lot of our customers are agencies or,
you know, advertising agencies.
And they work with some of
the biggest brands.
And, you know,
as part of an advertising
agency working with a big brand, you know,
you have to, you know,
indemnify and do liability
protection and do all these
things because obviously
the big brand doesn't want
to accidentally expose
themselves in terms of data
leakage or or copy right
violation through their
agency and so and so
therefore that then is
passed to us in terms of
that vigilance to make sure
that you know there's a we
would you know when it comes to
Therefore,
there's pressure for us as well
to make sure that all those
safeguards are being met in
terms of data protection, data leakage,
and that copyright concern.
So if I'm running an AI company, I'm not,
but if I were and we were
using some other company's models,
either through an API or a public model,
do you see that there's a
more common concern in a way?
Is it, oh,
we don't want you to train on our data?
I've seen that one.
I'm curious how frequently that comes up.
And then potentially,
do you see requirements that
there are certain companies you can't use,
like certain companies are fine.
Certain models are okay.
Or do your customers, they usually are,
are like,
they're using your product to do,
they know they're using AI.
They know they're using your
LMS that have been
retrained from other models
under the hood.
And they generally are okay with that.
Yeah.
So, um, it really depends on,
on the model.
So there are certain models, like some,
there are some sort of
state of the art models today that, um,
And by the way,
there are some really
popular consumer apps today,
very mainstream ones used
in enterprises and just by
individuals that have zero
liability protection.
It's maximum of a hundred
dollars that they'll pay if
there's an issue.
And as a consumer,
oftentimes you're not
reading the terms and conditions.
So you aren't aware that
you're taking that risk
when you use a product like this.
But most generic consumer,
I would say almost all
consumer generic companies today,
if we use it, has,
in terms and conditions,
I get a cap on their liability.
It was like about a hundred dollars.
And so consumers are taking
that risk when they're
using some app to generate
some image or video and
kind of sharing it online.
the potential IP that they're violating.
When it comes to enterprise,
enterprises are very,
very sensitive to this,
and so they'll almost require
you know,
indemnity protection and
liability protection.
And so some of these
enterprise-oriented AI
companies offer this.
But the default is no liability protection,
no indemnity.
And so, you know, a lot of consumer apps,
almost all the consumer
apps are like this,
a lot of APIs are therefore like this.
So if you're using, you know,
a state-of-the-art model, you may not,
you know,
there's a lot you know
there's a lot of really
interesting nuances here
again you know also some of
these models um that are
open source they're not a
commercial license uh so
you actually can't
commercially use these
models that are open source
even though they're the
technology is out there you
can play around with it but
you can't actually use it
for business because it
isn't commercialized you
have to go and negotiate
commercial license directly
with the model provider
Um, you know,
if you actually say if they're an API, uh,
then, you know,
read the terms and
conditions to make sure that, you know,
what, what the safeguards are there.
Um, and again, it, it varies, you know,
it depends and varies depending on, on,
on the, on the model provider.
Uh, but, um, but, uh, but yeah, I mean,
I think the default
generally is we don't take liability.
We don't indemnify, you know,
you're at your own risk, you know,
using these tools.
Has it been easy to work
with the companies that are
providing the foundational
models to like they
understand the enterprise risk?
Or has that been another
level of a complex
conversation to have both
legally and what a support
contract would look like in
order for them to provide
you the safeguards that you
need so that you can
promise your clients to
meet their particular legal?
Yeah, I think it depends on the company.
I think
OpenAI is pretty, you know,
because they have a big
enterprise business.
They do a lot of this
liability protection and indemnity.
But if it's like a startup
that doesn't necessarily
have a large enterprise
business and it's predominantly consumer,
they don't really, I mean, for them,
they're making enough money
through consumer apps that
um you know it's like yeah
like the risk of
potentially them
indemnifying isn't worth um
uh that potential you know
line of business because
they're not focused on on
enterprise and um
Yeah, so it depends.
I think it's not like, but yeah,
these are areas where I think, you know,
you know, yeah, I mean,
we've reached out directly
with various companies and
model providers and places
that host these models to
figure out the right terms and, you know,
get clarity regarding data
training and things like this.
And it is kind of, again,
on a case by case basis.
I know Jillian was really
excited by the topic of AI
whenever it comes up.
I am.
I'm always so happy about it.
I could just ask you and ask
you and ask you questions
forever and ever and ever, I think.
Well, this is your opportunity.
I know.
Don't worry.
I'm going for it.
I'm wondering,
what is the kind of backend
that you guys are doing?
Since we are a DevOps podcast,
are you using cloud?
Do you have your own server farm?
What are you...
What are you doing?
And then also if you're using,
it sounds like you're using
like the foundational models,
but if you're using any custom models,
how are you dealing with
like hosting and deploying those?
Like just walk through your whole setup.
What's going on?
Yeah,
so we're an Amazon Marketplace partner,
and as part of being an
Amazon Marketplace partner,
our infrastructure is hosted on AWS.
So I can probably pull up a
diagram in terms of this,
but then in terms of the models,
we'd either be hosting
models within Amazon servers,
or we'll be doing access through an API.
I mean,
throw out some AWS service names
here using like SageMaker and Bedrock and,
you know, whatever through guardrails or,
you know, what's going on there?
Are you like pure virtual
machines or bare metal?
SageMaker UI, like what's going on?
Yeah.
I haven't talked about that
UI for like weeks.
It's been like four weeks.
I still can't make heads or tails of it.
Yeah, I mean,
we use a lot of those in SageMaker.
I think predominantly that
we access through various other APIs.
I'm not sure how much of
SageMaker we use today.
You can also note that I'm
not the CEO of the company,
and so we have a person
dedicated to responding.
They would be a lot more
better at answering these questions.
um you know we're on amazon
we can just keep talking
about the front end stuff
then that's I mean yeah a
little bit more like ml
than devops but uh that's
fine for me so we're good
yeah so there's like an s
three router uh uh sorry
there's a necessary bucket
with all the media stored
uh the content stored it's
gonna be we're almost like
a dam a digital asset
management tool for our
customers and so we manage
uh all the customers brand
assets and all the
generative assets as well
um so that is quite a large
part of the tool and then um
We have load balancers that
connect to the Nexus,
which is then connected to PostgreSQL.
Oh, that's really in the weeds.
That's probably more than
you need to expose to anyone.
So, I mean,
you're basically utilizing AWS
infrastructure as much as
possible for running your product,
your services through there.
Yeah, but it's Dockerized.
We can go and...
hosted as a different server
or a different kind of cloud provider.
But yeah, today,
we just kind of started with Amazon,
and they gave us some nice credits.
And so most of it is on Amazon.
I understand.
That's how I got started with Amazon, too,
is they gave me money.
Yeah, exactly.
They are very generous with
those start credits.
Oh, they really are.
They're good.
If you keep harassing them, too,
about their new services, be like, oh,
this new thing that you guys have,
I think it will really
transform my business.
And then give you money.
I don't know that I should
be admitting to that on the air,
but I guess that's what we're doing.
They have great customer
support when it comes to
supporting startups and help, you know.
Yeah, I mean, they've been great.
Well,
I think it's absolutely fantastic
that you've managed to
figure out a way to put
your models within Docker
containers and are standing
them up in AWS because I
know just so many companies
would swear by needing to
buy the GPUs and install
them in local data centers
or run them under their dev,
whoever their engineers are,
run them under their desks
in order to be effective
there because they would
complain that maybe the
cloud is too expensive.
And then the customers that are using
or building models in even
AWS are using ECQ machines
straight out and not
necessarily containers and
then have sort of not great flows.
I think there is this weird
mix here where the
companies that may have
great models or great
attention to what's going
on in the AI space aren't
so great at what is
considered best practices
from a DevOps standpoint.
And it does seem like, you know,
at least as far as
evolution goes in technology, like,
you know, you've made
I think you're further ahead
than what most companies I
talk to that are doing some
sort of AI are at.
Well, that's really great to hear.
Thank you.
Yeah, I mean,
I think we also bought some
GVs ourselves and kind of
playing around with them
and experimenting with them ourselves.
But yeah, I mean,
I think the scalability is
a lot better through these
cloud providers.
I mean, first of all,
it's hard to get your hands
up physically on, say, H-Line hundreds.
And then so it's a lot
easier to get through these
cloud providers.
And
And then, you know, then just again,
scaling,
deploying and all these things
also a lot easier, um, through, uh,
through the cloud.
So, um, you know, for us,
like we're not trying to, you know,
make our lives harder.
We're just trying to build
the best application utilizing AI.
So like, uh, you know,
like we have all the
engineers focus on that.
And, um, um, yeah, like if it's, yeah,
there's just a whole level
of complexity associated
with GPUs and get them
properly set up and all this.
I mean,
I am a little curious about the pipeline,
which you may not have too
much insight into,
like the foundational model
that you're getting from Flux.
Where is that coming in?
Like,
are you getting that outside of AWS
and then basically
injecting that into AWS to
do the retraining?
Or is it being provided
somehow through either like
available in some way
through the marketplace
that you can get and then
retrain it within AWS?
Or like,
I don't know if you have any
insight into that,
but that'd be a little bit interesting.
Yeah,
so there's a couple of model provider
companies that support, say,
the Flux model.
So we kind of experiment
with many of them in terms
of their speed and cost,
the quality of the outputs.
So there's a company called
Replicate that's pretty good at this.
And there's a company called Fowl.
There's some other companies,
and they have APIs.
What do the APIs do?
Like,
are you getting just the foundational
model from them and then
you are retraining in some
way or are you retraining
it within their product?
How does that work?
Yeah, so these APIs,
there's many kind of parameters.
So you have, say,
the training images that
you need to send to them.
Maybe you have some other parameters,
like the number of training
steps you want to do or
when you're generating that content,
like the LoRa scales,
like how... So there's like...
a couple of parameters
associated with training
the models and generating
content based on the models.
And so you can use these
tools also online.
They have online interfaces
where it lets you adjust it.
But you can also do it through an API.
And so then we're generating
hyper-realistic, say,
images based on product
photos through those APIs.
In those examples,
are you sending your
customers images to replicate,
for instance, to train the model,
or is it like a two-step
process where first you're
fine-tuning the model
through the APIs they have
and then taking the
resulting model and
optimizing it for each of
your customers individually?
Yeah, so in this particular instance,
and we would be sending the
photos to the customer,
the product photos to the customer.
This is, again,
where I gave the earlier
example of talking directly
with the model provider.
So in this instance,
I directly with replicates.
You do not confirm.
They do not train on that data.
They do not, you know,
and they're not passing
that data to some other
party because there's also, you know,
leakage in terms of the model providers,
providers as well.
And so just confirming that.
And yeah,
so we have a self-serve tool
today for anyone to go to our website,
sign up.
It's a free trial.
You can go train images and
generate images and videos
of your product, showcase your product.
And some of that technology
is available through, say,
companies like Replicate
and File that host Flux Models.
I see.
This sort of brings me to
something that I keep
running into sort of theoretically,
and I'm wondering if in
practice you've actually
seen some problems here.
The models, from my standpoint,
are quite different from
each other from generation to generation.
There's not really this
concept that we have in
software development of
semantic versioning, right?
Yeah, exactly.
I mean,
I feel like every model is like a
different child.
Right, exactly.
It has its own kind of like...
you know,
quirks and nuances and likes and
dislikes.
It's like and it's like an
API to this person that
it's like with all the
different like it's not
like consistent output.
It's not always like you have this input.
It always has this output.
I mean,
I guess the first thing would be
just like virtual people or something.
I mean,
forget even having consistency
within the same model.
I mean, cross, you know,
from one model to a different one,
like you obviously have no
consistency in a lot of ways.
Is there some process you
have for doing a validation
when you actually do switch
between like upgrade the model?
I mean,
there's some benefit arguably of
the newer model.
And so at some point you're
planning on switching to it
or a company and the flex
model isn't exactly the same.
Like,
is there do you have like a standard
process which you have sort
of designed to
deal with this problem?
Yeah,
we either get red team this or like
we have teams internally
that test this and just, you know,
they really just, you know,
test from every way from
Sunday and make sure that
the outputs are kind of aligned with,
you know,
the experience we're trying to
deliver for customers.
And so we just do a lot of
extensive testing ourselves before,
you know,
kind of launching it to our
external customers.
Have you found any
interesting problems as a result of that?
yeah I mean I think
ultimately it's just you
know the the uniqueness of
uh you know like the
uniqueness of these models
themselves and kind of it's
not the standard I mean
there's the standard kind
of accuracy issues and some
models are accurate than
others and things like that
but also just that these
each model has like a
unique personality in terms
of the way they answer the
questions and um uh
And a lot of this is
actually how they're trained.
And so there's kind of
another variable dimension
to consider when kind of
integrating these models
into your application.
I think, but yeah, I mean,
there's numerous kind of, I mean,
I think there's, again,
the take the back and forth
or kind of the trade off
between quality and maybe IP protection,
you know,
like maybe the most IP protected
or IP safe model is also
meant for training very
limited data and therefore
the quality isn't as good
while the best output in
terms of quality.
also is very good,
because I think training
data is somewhat or largely
correlated with output.
And the more data you have,
the better the model.
And so the better the model, oftentimes,
there's more IP risk.
And so maybe this model, therefore,
does perform better,
but we can't use it for a
particular customer.
Yeah.
Cool.
I'm not even sure what else
to ask you covered an awful
lot of ground.
And it's just it's all neat stuff.
Are you I'm sure you've got
some burning question.
You know,
you don't want to walk away from
this and regret later.
Oh, not at the moment.
But I'm sure I'm sure that you're right.
And then as soon as I walk away, like,
darn,
there was all these questions I had.
Well,
just pretend the podcast is already
over and then start living that regret.
And then maybe something
will come to mind.
There we go.
That could be it.
Well, how many do you have,
like a big team of data
scientists at your company
or like how does that all
work in terms of like not
only infrastructure, but also.
Also people,
because I think everybody gets
a little bit freaked out by
the AI is going to replace
all of our jobs.
And I'm like, well,
there's still going to need
to be people who know how to use the AI.
So maybe, maybe just move along that path,
guys.
Yeah, we have thirty employees today.
The majority are engineers
and and I would say
majority of that is like
machine learning engineers
data engineers um and kind
of uh you know obviously
backend engineers help
deploy these models and so
um but at the same time you
know given the fact that we
are an applications company
it's definitely um it's a
multi uh you know it's a
nuanced problem in terms of
we want to build the best
ui in a kind of application
for the customer to
interact with these models
but again the large part of
model output, to your point, is data.
And so building the best
data importers with the
various ad networks
to get the most recent,
highest quality data,
to get the best insights,
to generate the content is
a big part of what
differentiates us from some
of these other generative AI tools.
Most generative AI tools are not,
the content generation is
not powered by insights
from consumer data.
So we have directly plugged
in with the ad network,
so we know what's driving clicks.
What's driving your return
on ad spend or the ROI?
What's driving engagement?
And then we use this data to
then power the content.
And that is what makes us unique.
And part of, I think,
what creates the moat for
our business is that unique
proprietary data we get
through these ad networks
so that we can create more relevant,
personalized content than, say,
some image generation tool
that you just kind of prompt.
Is there,
maybe this is getting too deep in
the weeds.
Is there like a huge
overhead cost and the spend
for utilizing the models
and running them compared to say,
running an application for
customers that isn't so
coupled to running a giant
ten gigabyte plus model and
retraining it for GPUs?
Or is there like,
is it just mostly overhead?
And after that,
after the model's been trained,
the inference is much cheaper.
Yeah.
I mean,
there's definitely kind of a
scaling cost based on usage.
But the inference costs and
the training costs are
getting cheaper every single day.
So I would not say that that's, I mean,
I think it's definitely a
sizable chunk of kind of, say,
our cloud spend is things
related to hosting these
models and training these
models and serving these models.
But also those costs are
going down and our margins are, you know,
ultimately, you know,
for us and for most
applications companies,
what is the problem you're
solving for that customer?
What is the value providing?
And for us,
it's automated creative generation,
scaling creative generation, you know,
and that value providing is
substantially larger than
the cost it takes to, you know,
do inference or do training.
Yeah, I mean, I totally get it.
I think one of the things
that's coming up in the
future is the realization
that we need smaller models
that are more focused,
that are working together
with some sort of oversight
that drives which model is
being utilized and how that
model is being utilized effectively.
Are you already at that
stage where you have
multiple models that are
being selected dynamically
or a model to choose other models?
Yeah, we do.
Yeah, we have a model router.
we have a model router.
So for example,
if a customer wants to train clothes,
that's different than
trying to train other types
of product photos.
Or if they're trying to
generate hyper-realistic
images of people wearing, say,
because you're doing your
clothing company and you
have all these different
skews related to clothing,
there's a specific model
that's really good at
generating images for that
circumstance versus, say,
you're an events company
and you're trying to
showcase a specific location.
Or you're trying to...
But you're really focused on
utilizing a specific face
that's in the image
generated image or video.
Each one of these kind of
use cases has a distinct
model that's the best for it.
And so we do model routing
on our end to make sure we
deliver the best outcome
for our customers.
That makes sense.
I mean,
that right now I think is a huge
innovation that a lot of
companies aren't utilizing as much.
They're utilizing the one
foundation model that's
coming from one of the
major model providers,
or even if they're training it themselves,
they still only have one.
I'm sort of curious,
what do you think is next
for the industry?
Is there something specific
that you already see as a
huge challenge that needs
to be overcome or something?
I don't want you to spoil
anything internally that
you're working on,
but maybe you see something
that like the providers
that you're utilizing,
you want them to do.
Yeah, I mean, you see kind of, you know,
these kind of middleware,
the rise of middleware and kind of like,
you know, a lot of the
the, you know,
the layers between the
foundation models and the
orchestration that require, you know, go,
you know,
between orchestrating where
these various models and, you know,
the question is how
defensible of a business it
is in terms of building a
business like this,
because this space is
moving so fast and you know, what, what's,
you know,
kind of an important service
today may be completely
integrated into one of
these platforms tomorrow,
or you're kind of
commoditized based on some
new innovation.
And so, um,
you're definitely kind of building on,
you know,
like shaking on something or
like quickly moving ground.
Um,
So in terms of, you know, but yeah, I mean,
I think there is, you know, and, you know,
there are companies that
are focused on model
routing and like trying to
find the best models, depending on, uh,
and orchestrating the models,
depending on what the need is.
I think semantic standards
there to be able to compare
one model versus another one,
know like fundamentally
what the changes are, right?
I mean, you can't,
you may not be able to look
inside the black box as
you're building it,
but afterwards you could do
some sort of validation.
And that validation process
I think would be important
in order to do the seamless
swapping that we talked about earlier.
Absolutely.
I think a lot of it, you know,
like testing and yeah, I mean,
there's a lot of
There's value in human testing and all.
There's reinforcement
learning with human
feedback is a big part of
what makes these models better and more.
In order to do reinforcement
learning with feedback,
you need humans to provide feedback.
There's a whole business
associated with providing that.
And so, yeah, I mean,
you know we actually you
mentioned earlier like uh
you know the automation of
jobs like there's going to
be many new jobs associated
with this technology
because you know there's
many new needs associated
with new technologies like
you know today I'm talking
about digital marketing
digital advertising I mean
this wasn't even an
industry uh you know thirty
thirty years ago and so um
um like you know new new
spaces are gonna talk about
you know gonna create new
opportunities uh and new
industries uh and uh yeah
they call me about people to
where they're most most productive.
I feel like I should, I should ask,
you know, obviously,
your product itself has AI
written into it as the part
of the value offering.
Are you utilizing any of the
tools that help with the
development process or
organizational management
within your company that
are AI tools in nature?
Yeah,
I think meeting summaries and meeting
recorders that summarize meetings, I mean,
I definitely use these
generative models for my emails,
my product specs.
writing blog posts, you know,
writing kind of documents.
I mean,
I think a large part of leadership
is kind of, you know, communicating and,
you know,
writing documents and kind of
aligning a strategy and
soliciting feedback and
kind of aligning in the same direction.
So there's a lot of writing involved.
And I definitely use the
Jedi tools to help me with that.
I use Jedi tools, you know,
in Gemini Deep Research,
really cool to do research,
like competitive research, you know,
know who are the leading
companies in this space and
you know what are the
unique edges and you know
what what is our unique
advantage versus those
companies you know create a
chart for me that does this
and write a report for me
um and um yeah and I think
our engineering team uses
you know cursor and some of
these other tools for like
helping with their
engineering and helping you
know be more productive in
terms of engineering um uh so yeah I mean
There's AI kind of embedded
throughout our application,
but also internally as well.
We're using AI to improve
our productivity and do the
work that maybe a couple years ago,
ten times as a lot of people do,
now can be done with more
leverage due to these new AI tools.
Cool.
I'm right there with you on
the meeting notes being generated.
That might be like one of my
favorite features of AI is
not having to write those
things myself anymore.
Mostly because I never,
it was like a constant problem for me.
Yeah.
I mean, gosh, like.
We have all these customer success calls,
and they're recorded.
I'm not going to watch all
those video recordings,
but I will read the meeting
notes of all our customer meetings.
That's so much more doable now.
People will actually write
good summaries now about the meetings,
and then now I can read
them and read more of them,
and I can make better decisions.
So meeting summaries are
such a powerful productivity tool.
I just always find it
interesting how the
internals of a company who
is innovating in the space
is innovating internally as well.
I see there's a lot of duality there.
And I always question when I
see a company that's trying
to innovate in the product space.
And they still have a very
legacy or waterfall mindset internally.
But it's really interesting.
You said, oh,
we are using all these tools in some way,
or we're trying them out
and seeing where the
productivity boost is.
That, I think,
is a really great sign that
it matches the mindset of
what your product offers is
matched internally with how
you're thinking about the
culture of your team and
the direction that you've set.
Well, yeah,
you say a really interesting point,
which is, for example,
Amazon at AWS was on Oracle servers until,
like,
fairly recently,
like the innovator sometimes is, you know,
dependent on a legacy stack
to do the innovation.
And, and, you know,
some of these legacy
players have humongous, you know,
lock in.
And so, yeah, I mean,
thankfully we have the
benefit as being a startup.
So we're building a lot of
this infrastructure from scratch.
And so we can pick the best tools,
but once, you know,
you have a team that's kind of, you know,
like you built all this
infrastructure around like
a certain uh structure like
just a certain set of you
know tools it's really hard
to kind of switch over and
it's just a massive
engineering effort and and
so like I think this is
really where I think the
advantage there is
advantage to being a
startup today is because
you kind of you know a
company ultimately is you
know is is just people and
the official organization
people to deliver
you know, a superb product.
And AI is all about, you know,
people ultimately being more productive.
And so we can reimagine
corporate structures more radically,
you know,
and kind of this kind of
original kind of
hierarchical org structure
may not make as much sense
anymore as well with all
these new capabilities that
are available.
Totally agree.
Uh, Jillian, any last questions?
She's, uh, well then, um, Hikari,
maybe this is,
if there's anything that
you still wanted to share
that you didn't have the chance to, um,
now, now's your, now's your opportunity.
Oh no.
I mean, um,
Thanks for the opportunity.
And yeah,
please sign up for a demo on our
site on Mickey.com, please.
I can also try the product out for free.
And yeah, I mean,
thanks so much for having me,
Warren and Jillian.
It was really a pleasure
having this conversation with you.
Well,
then we still have to do our picks
for the episode.
You know,
can't leave those out or else
Will will come back and complain.
So Jillian,
what did you bring for us today?
I think since we're talking about AI,
I'm going to do some
shameless self-promotion.
If you go to my website,
dabbleofdevops.com slash AI,
I'm putting the page back
up and I'm going to just
put a whole lot of
disclaimers about how AI
can't do absolutely everything for you.
You do still need to have
the human in the loop,
like we were talking about.
Like the Jillian.
The Jillian's the human in the loop.
I am quite often the human
in the loop and I have to
figure that out.
But that is another problem
for another day.
But anyways, I have a tool.
um that allows data science
companies to have a
self-hosted kind of
platform in which they can
do a lot of data discovery
I have a lot of data sets
that are already up we have
open targets we have some
data from the single cell
website that of course
escapes me at the moment
and a couple of other data
sites some pubmed queries
all that kind of thing so
if you're a data science
company you want to do some
Data Discovery with AI, sign up.
It's all hosted on your infrastructure.
I never see it and I never
touch it unless you actually ask me to.
That's awesome.
We'll definitely check it out.
So could you remind me what the URL is?
It's dabble with... Okay,
so I haven't actually put it back up,
but I'll put it in the chat.
But it will be up by the
time the show is live.
Because I had a bit of an issue where...
I had a bit of an issue
where people were signing
up and they thought that it
was going to do absolutely
everything for them.
And then I had some unhappy customers.
And I don't like unhappy clients.
Well,
unhappy customers is better than no
customers, though.
I mean, not in the long run.
Not really.
If you're going to start off
with no customers,
then it is to have unhappy
customers who then tell
other customers how unhappy they are.
Brand identity and reputation is certainly,
you know, very, very important.
But, you know, I also say the, you know,
if you have no customers that, you know,
getting some unhappy ones
at least gives you some
feedback on what you can improve.
I know,
but I got the feedback on what...
The feedback was don't have
the website up.
So you took it down.
Yeah,
so I took it down until I could like
work on the feedback a little bit.
Anyways, people did that in school.
They just thought that it
would do more without
another human than it did.
But now they've got more
data to pick that stuff up.
This is, I think,
the fundamental challenge
with the startups.
You have to get out something complete.
There's that famous quote,
if you're not embarrassed
by what you've launched,
then you've launched too late.
But at the same time,
you have to focus on the customer.
You have to focus on the ideal customer.
You have to say no to
certain customers that's
not really the target
customer at the moment.
And so you do have to say no
to customers as well.
And so I think it's definitely,
there isn't necessarily like a...
a hard and fast answer in terms of like,
you know,
it's definitely kind of more
related to your preference
and dealing with angry
customers or not angry
customers and how you think
about your brand.
Yeah.
No, I mean, I totally agree.
The startup advice as build
for what your ideal customer needs,
you know,
is really what companies have to
be doing.
And I think that's been heard.
I think the thing that
now needs to be heard is
that the people you're
talking to may not be your
ideal customer and your
ideal customer may be
someone that only exists
months or years from now
and it's okay to build for
them but then you have to
ignore advice from everyone
else who isn't actually
your customer because then
you're not building for uh
you know the future
realistically okay yeah
that's yeah absolutely um
Oh, thank you, Jillian.
My pick today is going to be
Dune by Frank Herbert.
I absolutely love the
science fiction book.
I think it was one of my
first science fiction books that I read.
And compared to other things,
there's just such a level
of attention to detail and
innovation in writing about
science fiction that I just
don't think really existed
before Frank Herbert.
I'm going to go with this
book called Accelerando by Charles Frost.
And it's really about the
acceleration of human progress.
And it's really interesting.
Each chapter starts with the
MIPS for humankind,
like Million Instructions Per Second.
And as AI advances, the MIPS,
the collective MIPS of
humankind also accelerates.
And initially,
most of the million
instructions per second,
a lot of it is human brains,
human computation.
But towards the end,
it's mostly just AI and the
massive compute power that
AI is providing.
But through this massive power,
you're building Dyson
spheres from the sun and
just exploring the galaxies.
And so I think it's a very
optimistic book on what
this technology can provide for us.
And I do really like this book.
That sounds neat.
What's the name of the book again?
It's called Accelerando.
Cool.
Wow.
Then that's it for... Neuroscience and AI.
This is what I'm here for.
Well, you got it all in one episode.
And I guess there'll be a
segment of our audience
that is just as happy for
this episode as you have been, Jillian.
Well, then that's everything.
Thank you to our audience
for attending and thank you
to Hikari for being on this
episode and sharing with us
how Omnikey is innovating
in the AI advertising space.
Thank you, Warren.
Thank you, Joanne.
Thank you.